Readme.md, before:

gowrk
=====

Helper script for working on multiple open-source Go packages in a single
workspace.

# Starting new workspace

  * Fork and clone gowrk

  `git clone git@bitbucket.org:you/gowrk.git mywrk`

  * Create your workspace branch

  `git checkout -b workspace`

  * Add projects you're going to work on

```bash
cd mywrk; mkdir -p src/bitbucket.org/you
git submodule init git@bitbucket.org:you/project1.git src/bitbucket.org/you/project1
git submodule init git@bitbucket.org:you/project1.git src/bitbucket.org/you/project1
git commit -a -m "created new worksapce"
```

# Usage

```
usage: gowrk up     | commit submodules HEADs
       -------------+------------------------
       gowrk lint   | check code style
       gowrk [test] | default action
       -------------+------------------------
       gowrk help   | print this help message
```

  * Customize your workspace with source scripts

    Every time gowrk is sourced in your current shell it sources
    also .gowrkrc and/or any .gowrkrc.d/* script it can find. By
    sourcing gowrk in your current shell you ensure proper GOPATH
    and GOBIN env vars are exported.

  `cd mywrk; . gowrk`

  * Run tests for your projects

  `cd mywrk; gowrk test`

  * Update mywrk submodule refs after any commits/pushes you done
    in your projects:

```bash
cd mywrk/src/github.com/you/project1;
git commit Readme.md -m"initial commit"
git push origin master
cd ${GOPATH}
gowrk up; git push
```

# License

Distributed under the MIT license, see License.md for details.

Commit message:

macosx: use greadlink if readlink -f is not available

Readme.md, after:

gowrk
=====

Helper script for working on multiple open-source Go packages in a single
workspace.

# Starting new workspace

  * Fork and clone gowrk

  `git clone git@bitbucket.org:you/gowrk.git mywrk`

  * Create your workspace branch

  `git checkout -b workspace`

  * Add projects you're going to work on

```bash
cd mywrk; mkdir -p src/bitbucket.org/you
git submodule init git@bitbucket.org:you/project1.git src/bitbucket.org/you/project1
git submodule init git@bitbucket.org:you/project1.git src/bitbucket.org/you/project2
git commit -a -m "created new worksapce"
```

# Usage

```
usage: gowrk up     | commit submodules HEADs
       -------------+------------------------
       gowrk lint   | check code style
       gowrk [test] | default action
       -------------+------------------------
       gowrk help   | print this help message
```

  * Customize your workspace with source scripts

    Every time gowrk is sourced in your current shell it sources
    also .gowrkrc and/or any .gowrkrc.d/* script it can find. By
    sourcing gowrk in your current shell you ensure proper GOPATH
    and GOBIN env vars are exported.

  `cd mywrk; . gowrk`

  * Run tests for your projects

  `cd mywrk; gowrk test`

  * Update mywrk submodule refs after any commits/pushes you done
    in your projects:

```bash
cd mywrk/src/github.com/you/project1;
git commit Readme.md -m"initial commit"
git push origin master
cd ${GOPATH}
gowrk up; git push
```

# MacOSX note

  gowrk uses GNU Readlink, you may want to install it first

```
brew install coreutils
```

# License

Distributed under the MIT license, see License.md for details.
